Global CMake for tutorials (#91)
kokkos/kokkos-tutorials: Exercises/multi_gpu_cuda/Begin/CMakeLists.txt

cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 3.16)
project(KokkosTutorialMultiGpuCuda)

# Add a custom module path for find_package(Kokkos)
include(../../SetUpKokkos.cmake)

if (NOT Kokkos_ENABLE_CUDA)

>     message(WARNING "This example requires CUDA, enable with -DKokkos_ENABLE_CUDA=ON")
>     return()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    message(FATAL_ERROR "This example requires CUDA, enable with -DKokkos_ENABLE_CUDA=ON")
```

The code will not compile without Cuda.

cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 3.16)
project(KokkosTutorialMultiGpuCuda)

# Add a custom module path for find_package
set(CMAKE_MODULE_PATH ${CMAKE_MODULE_PATH} ${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/../../.cmake)

find_package(Kokkos REQUIRED)

> if (NOT Kokkos_DEVICES MATCHES "CUDA")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if (NOT (Kokkos_DEVICES MATCHES "CUDA" OR Kokkos_ENABLE_CUDA))
```

Otherwise the warning message is always displayed when Kokkos is retrieved by FetchContent.

Author: Good catch!

Looks like `Kokkos_ENABLE_CUDA` is always working, so I'll skip the `Kokkos_DEVICES` test.
